Untangle – A Computer Supported Learning Platform.

The observations made from the visualizations of the collected data from the survey showed that students usually prefer to use the content available on the internet more than the material they can access in the form of textbooks, class notes etc. The survey also indicated that the ones who preferred the internet and online learning resources were usually more satisfied with their performance than the ones who preferred other learning resources.
The second major observation made was that, even though online resources being more popular among the students, majority still finds collaborating offline (like sharing notes physically, having discussions personally) more comfortable. 
So, the conclusions drawn out from the research showed that there was a need of a platform, on which students in various academic years can establish connections with each other based on common study interest and collaborate on various projects online. The platform would also help the educators to keep a check on various online collaborations between the students and guide them accordingly. The platform will also keep the educators updated about the various online course Popular among the students.
We came up with the idea to create a CSCL platform that would solve the following problems:

•	Most of the first year students are clueless about which subject to focus on from the very start to get a better grip on the specialization they want to get into.

•	Most of the second year Students are do not know which online courses are better in comparison to each other, suggestions and guidance from the seniors would help them choose what is best for them.

•	There is a need to educate the first and second year students about the correct coding practices that they should inculcate within themselves from the very start.

•	Third Year students have a lot of projects to do, apart from the semester projects they are also involved in projects from various companies, personal projects or any start-up that they have built. For these projects they may require a dedicated team but they are not able to identify the right candidates for the job.

•	The teachers are not aware about the various courses that students are opting for besides their usual curriculum courses.

•	There is no discussion forum present within the university where students in various academic years and the teachers could discuss questions and different approaches to a single problem.

We have named the model that we are proposing as “Untangle”. The following proposed Model has the following components.

1.	LOGIN / REGISTRATION: 
1.1	This open when opens the website will have the choice to login to the platform otherwise, he/she needs to register.
1.2	Three different registration models are present:
1.1.1	First Year Student Registration: The students will be given a choice to            enter their stream and specialization they are interested in. Apart from this they to enter their username and Email ID.
1.1.2	Second/Third Year Student Registration: The students have to enter the specialization they are in. Apart from this they have to Enter the Subjects that they think are Important for their specialization, the online courses that they have done and the projects they are doing/has done.
1.1.3	Teacher Registration: The Teachers have to enter their name and subject to register.
1.3	Once you register you will be redirected to the login page, where you can enter your username and password in order to get into the website.

2.	DASHBOARD:
2.1	The Dashboard would be having a table containing a list of students and the number of projects and course that we have done. Clicking on the button present at the end of the row would open the profile of the student you want to view.
2.2	A Carousal container will be present on the top in which you will be able to see the recommended courses generated by inbuilt recommendation system.
2.3	At the bottom there will be a container having Facts about a various specialization.

3.	PROFILE:
3.1	The Profile would be containing all your details which you will be able to modify from time to time.
3.2	It will also have details about the Collaborations/People you have contacted.
3.3	It will also have information about the collaboration requests you have got.

4.	DISCUSSION FORUM:
4.1	The Discussion Forum Page will be having various Question that the Teachers have asked and the students will be able to give their opinions on that particular question.
4.2	Teachers will be given a choice to add question to the forum.
       


Add all the CSS and JavaScript in static folder.
HTML should be added in templates.

In order to run the django src file need to install,
1. django-import-export
2. django crispy-forms
3. pillow
